
#### unused import

ERC20 lib in ERC721 contract.
```solidity
File: paraspace-core/contracts/protocol/tokenization/NToken.sol
20: import {SafeERC20} from "../../dependencies/openzeppelin/contracts/SafeERC20.sol";
```


#### Empty blocks should be removed or emit something

The code should be refactored such that they no longer exist, or the block should do something useful, such as emitting an event or reverting. If the block is an empty if-statement block to avoid doing subsequent checks in the else-if/else conditions, the else-if/else conditions should be nested under the negation of the if-statement, because they involve different classes of checks, which may lead to the introduction of errors when the code is later modified.

Instances number of this issue: 
```solidity
File: paraspace-core/contracts/protocol/tokenization/NTokenUniswapV3.sol
149:     receive() external payable {}
150: }
```

#### Events not emitted for important state changes

When changing critical state variables events are not emitted. Emitting events allows monitoring activities with off-chain monitoring tools.

Instances number of this issue: 1
```solidity 
File: protocol/configuration/PoolAddressesProvider.sol
56:     function setMarketId(string memory newMarketId)
57:         external
58:         override
59:         onlyOwner
60:     {
61:         _setMarketId(newMarketId);
62:     }

```


Suggestion:
Consider emitting events after sensitive changes take place, to facilitate tracking and notify off-chain clients following the contract’s activity.


#### repay on behalf of other user in full

Currently it does not allow repay in full on behalf of other users. 

```solidity
File: paraspace-core/contracts/protocol/libraries/logic/ValidationLogic.sol
378:         require(
379:             amountSent != type(uint256).max || msg.sender == onBehalfOf,
380:             Errors.NO_EXPLICIT_AMOUNT_TO_REPAY_ON_BEHALF
381:         );
```

However, from business logic it does not seem to have any bad effects to allow repaying in full for others.

Suggestion:
Allow repay for others in full.
